[ann] We're still in
the finals of
the national tournament,
Nankatsu versus Toho.
We're back to
the beginning.
3 - 3.
They're dead even.
[Kojiro]
It's my fault.
[whistle]
If I would've
helped my team,
Tsubasa wouldn't have
scored that goal.
Now I have to make up
for my mistake.
[gasps]
I'm going to shoot
my Tiger Shot
and get us back
the advantage
no matter what.
Not so fast, Hyuga.
Get out of my way. [grunt]
-[grunts]
-[ann] Izawa
couldn't stop Hyuga.
[Kojiro]
It's useless.
No one can stop me.
[grunt] You won't get
through me, Hyuga.
[panting]
[grunts]
[ann] Hyuga collides
against Takasugi.
-[grunt]
-[whistle]
[gasp]
[ann] And that's a foul,
everyone.
Hey!
What the hell was that?
[gasp]
You did that on purpose,
you idiot.
If you touch me again,
you'll regret it.
Hey, come on.
Let me go, you idiot.
-You big oaf.
-No, Captain!
Stop it, Takasugi.
[ann] It looks like things
are heating up on the field.
Both players
exchange insults.
[whistle]
- Just as expected,
-Uhh...
the referee gets out a card.
If it's a red card,
one of the players
must be sent off,
maybe both of them.
[narr] Episode 50:
All-out War of Tenacity.
[ann] The referee
shows a yellow card.
-[sighs of relief]
-[ann] Both players
are booked for
unsportman-like conduct.
Oh, phew!
Thank goodness.
But just one more and
it'll be over for Shingo.
I understand
you might be mad,
but I won't allow this
to happen.
I don't want any type
of aggression
or confrontation,
you got it?
Yes, sir.
I'm sorry, sir.
I would like to
apologize to you.
Yeah.
It's okay.
[gasp]
Captain, don't worry.
Don't feel bad about
the goal they scored on us.
We were the ones who weren't
able to defend well enough.
Don't blame yourself,
Captain.
It's everyone's
responsibility, after all.
We are all part of one team.
Takeshi...
Although we did feel
a bit spoiled
when you started to attack
Nankatsu's goal by yourself.
Thank you for
doing that for us.
You made us very happy.
-Mhm.
I'm sorry, guys.
[laugh]
I should be more prudent
with my impulses, huh?
[laughs]
[Kojiro]
Well...
Listen up, everyone.
We are all going to
play together
and we're going to
show them who Toho is.
-Yeah!
Thank you.
I'm very fortunate to have
all of you guys.
I'm truly thankful.
[ann] And Toho resumes
the match.
They have a free kick,
and Hyuga will be the one
to take it.
Will he attempt to score
from there?
Listen, I don't want
you guys to get scared.
Of course we aren't.
[whistle]
[grunts]
[ann]
Hyuga shoots,
but it's actually a pass
directed towards Sorimachi.
[grunts]
[grunt]
No!
Ready, Captain!
Whenever you want.
[Yuzo]
[reac]
[Teppei] Great! It's time
for a counterattack.
[grunt]
[Mamoru] Tsubasa says
Wakashimazu
has an injured left arm.
Let's see if that's true.
[Mamoru]
Are you ready, keeper?
Here it goes!
I won't get there.
[ann] And the ball
goes to Toho.
Tsubasa was right then.
Yeah. He used his right arm
to stop my shot coming,
even though it was
from the left side.
[groan]
It looks like they already
found out about
his left shoulder's injury.
Huh?
But it's thanks to
Wakashimazu...
that we've had
the advantage until now.
Toho, we are going to
protect him at all costs!
[Ken]
[grunt]
[ann] Toho clears
the ball!
-[cheering]
-You can do it, Toho!
Score!
Hyuga!
[Kojiro]
Tsubasa!
You're still here
despite your injuries.
Don't think I'll go easy
on you because of them.
I'll finish you off.
-[scream]
-[grunt]
[ann] Hyuga the Tiger
opens a path by sheer force,
sending Tsubasa flying.
Damn it all.
[grunt]
Sorimachi!
Captain!
-[panting]
-[ann] Hyuga and Sorimachi
make way with
a beautiful one-two pass.
Now Hyuga plays
with his team.
Perfect.
-Don't worry, guys.
-[grunt]
We can stop his shot.
We just need to block it
with our bodies, okay?
It's useless.
This shot can break waves
in the ocean.
You guys don't stand
a chance.
[yell]
[screams]
[ann] The impact
of the shot
makes Nankatsu's
defense fly.
- What a powerful shot.
-[tiger growl]
-[grunt]
-[ann] The goalie saves it!
This can't be!
-[reac]
[ann] The keeper Morisaki
- was able to stop
-You did it, man!
- the Tiger Shot,
-You guys are
- which was coming with
-the best,
- less power than usual.
-Nankatsu.
-[laugh]
-Good job, Morisaki!
This is impossible.
It has to be a mistake.
[grunt]
[Tsubasa]
Morisaki!
Pass it here!
Tsubasa...
All right then.
It's yours!
-[grunt]
-[ann] Tsubasa gets the ball
to start
the counterattack.
Get back, everyone!
Quickly!
Hyuga has his Tiger Shot...
but I have my Drive Shot.
[grunt]
This is really weird.
My shoulder is warm
for some reason.
I don't feel any pain.
Why don't...
I feel my legs...?
-[Tsubasa] [groan]
-Tsubasa!
I have to shoot.
I have to do it.
-[yell]
-[ann] Tsubasa winds up
to shoot his Drive Shot.
[grunt]
[ann] But Sawada
makes a slide tackle
- and takes the ball.
-Be careful, Tsubasa!
[pant]
[growl]
[yell]
Tsubasa!
[gasp]
[Takeshi]
No, it's that look again.
It's as if I'm playing
against Hyuga.
Why can't I...?
Why can't I move?
[scream]
[Tsubasa]
I have to score.
I need to score!
Awesome job, Tsubasa!
Quickly, let's help Tsubasa.
Let's do it, guys.
Everyone, here!
[ann] And Nankatsu
switches to offense,
with only a few minutes
left to finish the match.
Let's do it!
Wakashimazu is weakened
right now.
We have to use this chance.
No, this can't be good.
We won't let you score
that easily, Nankatsu.
We'll defend our goalkeeper.
Since we can't run
head-on with the ball...
[Teppei] We can always
rely on our teammates
backing us up.
[HIroshi] Yeah.
And the player
those openings for us
to attack is Tsubasa.
[Mamoru]
We know that you're injured,
but I know you won't
let this pass
go to waste, Tsubasa.
[ann] The ball goes
directly to Tsubasa,
who's totally open.
Impossible!
How in the world...?
The right corner...
If I aim my shot there,
I am sure to score!
[ann]
Tsubasa winds up
- to shoot his Drive Shot!
-[yelling]
Will this finally
mean victory?
Give it to me, Tsubasa!
I'll stop it with
my right hand.
[yell]
[tiger growl]
Have a taste of
my Tiger Shot!
[ann] And Hyuga collides
with Tsubasa's shot
out of nowhere.
The impact sent the ball
out of bounds.
Toho saves themselves
from a goal thanks to Hyuga.
I won't allow it.
I won't allow you to score.
[panting]
We'll see about that.
[ann] This truly is
a duel between titans.
We still don't know
who'll come out on top
in this jaw dropping match.
[narr] We'll be right back
with Captain Tsubasa.
[narr]
And we're back.
[ann] And it's
a throw-in for Nankatsu.
[Kojiro]
We won't lose this.
[Hideto] They won't score.
We won't let them.
Here!
-[yell] [grunt]
-Huh?
Now's our turn, Toho.
[Kazuki] We'll score
no matter what happens.
-[grunt]
-[ann] Now Toho's
on the offensive,
running at full speed.
Sorimachi has the ball.
His angle
looks to be promising.
But he second guesses
and returns the ball.
We're counting on you,
Captain.
What?
You're the team's
main scorer.
You have to score
on our behalf, Captain.
The winning goal
of the match
can only come from you,
our captain Hyuga.
Come on,
let's score another one.
But, uh, everyone...
[grunt]
[ann] Hyuga's in front
of the goal completely open.
Just shoot it, Kojiro!
This is for
all of my teammates.
[ann]
Hyuga winds up
- to shoot his Tiger Shot.
-[yell]
Shoot now, Hyuga!
[gasp]
[yell]
No, I have to stop him
no matter what I do.
Tsubasa!
[doctor] If you're hit with
Hyuga's shot
at this distance...
you won't play soccer
for the rest of your life.
Tsubasa!
Hold on, don't do it!
Hyuga,
please don't hurt him!
What!
[ann]
Incredible!
Hyuga decides
not to shoot.
[Kojiro]
Don't get it twisted.
I didn't do it out of pity.
I did it because--
[grunt]
I'm responsible for
taking my team to victory.
-[grunting]
-[ann] Hyuga feints
for the first time.
And now, he's got
the opening he needs.
-[yell]
-[tiger growl]
[yell]
-[scream]
-What?
[ann]
Ishizaki leaps
- and blocks Hyuga's shot,
-[groaning]
risking his own body.
[Kojiro] [grunt]
This can't be possible.
How did I not notice
he was behind Tsubasa?
[groaning]
Hi, Grandpa.
-That's how it's done!
You defended like
a true champ, Ishizaki!
Oh, God, what did I do?
-Calm down, Ishizaki.
-[chuckle]
Now I have proof
that I was useful.
A battle wound.
I'm going to get a bump
on my forehead.
[laugh]
But it was thanks to
your jump
that I got there on time,
Captain.
Thank you, friend.
Maybe I'm not as talented
as Misaki...
but I'm your substitute
golden duo partner.
You're 100% right
about that,
-Ishizaki.
-Oh!
That play reminded me
of the famous golden duo.
Just like we've always said,
ugly but very useful.
[chuckle]
Well, we managed to make it
into a corner kick.
Now we have to defend
our goal, everyone.
-Yeah!
Everyone!
Huh?
Get up, Captain!
[grunt]
Thank you so much, Ishizaki.
Ever since I joined
the team,
you've been my first friend.
You embraced me.
It was thanks to you
that I stayed at Nankatsu.
Ishizaki, you are the heart
of the team.
[ann] Nankatsu waits
for Toho's corner kick.
Hyuga can't move.
He's being
man marked closely.
-[grunt]
-[Takeshi] Imai!
I'm open.
Okay.
[grunt]
[ann] Now Sawada
receives the ball.
Imai made
a short pass to him.
Heads up, guys!
What's that?
-What are they doing?
-[gasps]
[ann]
Incredible.
The goalkeeper
Wakashimazu
got out of his goal.
[Ken] I don't need
my left arm to shoot.
I'll score a goal
to make up for my weakness.
I'll redeem myself.
Take this, Nankatsu!
I won't make it!
-[grunt]
-[ann] But Takasugi
rejects it.
-[scream]
-[grunt]
[ann] And the ball
is sent flying.
Why is it always me?
I'm going for it!
Not on my watch.
-[grunt]
-[ann] Izawa recovers
the ball and passes it.
[grunt]
[ann]
Tsubasa clears it,
sending the ball
out of the danger zone.
Just when everyone thought
he was injured.
What?
This can't be.
-That wasn't just him
-[gasp]
clearing the ball.
It's a shot.
I won't allow you to score!
[ann] Tsubasa
took advantage of
Toho's goalkeeper's
overextending
and there's no one
to cover.
[panting]
[ann] Wakashimazu
desperately tries to
catch up to the ball.
[pant]
[Ken] I won't let you
make a fool out of me.
[yell]
[grunt]
[panting]
If Tsubasa
weren't injured...
I wouldn't have reached it.
-[grunt]
-Uhh...
I can't pass it to Hyuga.
-[Kojiro] Forget about me!
-Huh?
If they're covering me,
that means their side
is vulnerable.
Why're you waiting?
Forget about my winning
goal of the match.
What's important is
to score, Takeshi.
Captain...
So then...
Here I come!
Tsubasa...
What's wrong with him,
Misugi?
Tsubasa stopped moving
a long time ago.
It's useless.
I don't have the strength
to even move.
My body...
isn't responding.
Everyone...forgive me.
[doctor]
Coach!
[Furuoya]
What's wrong, doctor?
[panting]
[ann] It looks like
Nankatsu is making
a player change.
And uhh...
- it's number 10,
-[gasp]
- Nankatsu's captain.
[Kojiro]
This can't be!
They want to sub out
Tsubasa?
[Tsubasa]
It's over.
They're subbing me out.
[Roberto]
Tsubasa...
The best player
wears the number 10.
It's the symbol of
leadership in Brazil.
[Tsubasa]
But Roberto...
I can't do anything.
My body...
doesn't want to
listen to me.
[Takeshi]
Yours, Captain!
[ann] Sawada uses
the distraction
to pass the ball
to Hyuga.
-Oh no, not again!
-[gasp]
[ann] Hyuga's open
to shoot his Tiger Shot.
It's practically
a goal already.
Toho is close to winning
the championship
thanks to the Tiger Shot.
[Tsubasa] If Hyuga shoots
his Tiger Shot,
everything will be over.
But I don't have
the strength to block it.
I can't do it.
I'm sorry.
I failed all of you.
But at least now...
I'll be able to get
some bed rest.
I suppose everyone
will understand...
I gave it all on the pitch.
Even if we didn't win
the third championship...
there's more dreams
to be achieved,
like being a professional
player in Brazil
and getting Japan
to the World Cup.
So this tournament
isn't that important.
But...
if that's true, why was I
so set on winning it...
if it never mattered?
Tsubasa!
Huh?
You really plan on
ending it like this?
You're seriously
giving up right now?
H-Hyuga, I...
Wake the hell up!
[tiger growl]
Tsubasa, the Tiger Shot
is going straight to--!
[ann] Tsubasa
is still standing
after taking
Hyuga's shot.
You coward.
You're going to let me
beat you that easily?
Then so be it, Tsubasa.
I'll tear you to pieces.
[yell]
[grunt]
What?
[ann] Tsubasa reacts
at the last second
and evades Hyuga
with a jump.
[grunt]
Tsubasa is back to
his old self.
This is impossible.
It's as if he had come
right back to life.
[ann] Hyuga's shot seems
to have brought Tsubasa
back from the ashes.
Just like a phoenix.
We all have to back up
Tsubasa.
-Yeah!
[narr] Tsubasa,
you have to continue
until the end.
Go, make your dreams
come true.
Don't forget that
you're the hope of
the nation's soccer.
Now spread your wings...
and fly.
Fly, Tsubasa!
[Kojiro]
This will be our last duel.
So you had better
be ready, Tsubasa!
[panting]
-[yell]
-[grunting]
Do it, Tsubasa!
[panting]
[ann] Tsubasa winds up
to make the shot.
[grunt]
[ann] But Hyuga is
on time to stop him.
[Kojiro]
I won't let you shoot.
[ann] Tsubasa and Hyuga
meet once again.
[Tsubasa]
If I confront him,
I won't be free
to shoot my Drive Shot.
[Kojiro]
I want to win a clean
and fair fight, Tsubasa.
[Tsubasa]
But if I don't face him,
my victory wouldn't count.
-[grunts]
-[ann] Incredible!
The force of
these two titans clashing
- sends them flying.
-[scream]
Tsubasa!
Captain!
[ann] The ball is
suspended in the air.
[grunt]
Huh?
I will win and make
our dream come true.
For our third championship!
No!
Drive Shot!
[grunt]
[ann] Nankatsu's
Captain Tsubasa
makes the ball
fly sky high.
[Kojiro]
This can't happen.
I can't lose again.
It won't go in.
I'll stop
your Drive Shot here.
[eagle screech]
I'm going to use
the Defence Chop.
[yell]
[ann]
What a save!
The keeper Wakashimazu
deflects Tsubasa's shot
with a Defence Chop.
[growl]
[scream]
-[gasp]
-Wakashimazu!
[grunt]
[Tsubasa]
Wakashimazu...
you're an incredible goalie.
[Yutaka]
Quickly, somebody clear it.
[ann]
Toho clears the ball,
but it goes directly towards
Nankatsu's number 10.
[Tsubasa]
My friend...
My friend is coming
right towards me.
It's my last opportunity.
-[groan]
-Tsubasa...
I have to shoot it.
[ann] Tsubasa winds up
once more to shoot.
[grunt]
If I use
his Drive Shot's strength...
I can score,
even from this distance.
Here it goes...
My Tiger Shot!
[ann] But Hyuga
redirects the shot.
Go in!
[Jun] The ball is heading
straight towards the goal.
But how?
He's a whole field away
from the goal.
[gasps]
[Katagiri]
This can't be.
[Tsubasa]
This is my last shot.
Hyuga!
[ann] Tsubasa volleys
Hyuga's shot.
[Kojiro]
This can't be!
[ann] The ball shines
like a rainbow
engulfed in flames,
with the strength of
both shots combined.
- This is unheard of.
-[grunt]
[yell]
[groan]
Ken!
[grunt]
Go in!
[Kojiro] No...
He can't handle it alone.
I'll stop it
if it's the last thing I do.
-[gasps]
-Hyuga!
[ann] Hyuga stops
Wakashimazu!
What a way to defend!
Kojiro!
-Captain!
Captain Hyuga!
Wakashimazu!
-[cheering]
-Come on, guys!
[ann] Thanks to
Hyuga's maneuver,
the keeper Wakashimazu
is able to stop the ball.
[Tsubasa] [sigh]
You're amazing, Hyuga.
I have the deepest
- admiration for you.
-[whistle]
[ann] And that's
the whistle, folks.
The referee signals that
extra time
is going to be played.
Someone needs to
come out on top.
Tsubasa!
[Mamoru]
[Teppei] What's wrong
with you, Tsubasa?
[Ryo]
Are you okay?
This isn't over...
until it's really over.
[sighs of relief]
That's it, exactly.
[doctor]
I'm sorry,
but you won't play anymore,
young man.
-Huh?
You guys heard the doctor.
You played incredibly well,
Tsubasa,
but now, you have to rest.
What's important now
is your body's health.
But please, coach.
I promise you my body
is doing just fine.
I was depressed...
but Hyuga made me
open my eyes.
He knew that my body
hadn't reached its limit.
I have a responsibility
to him as well.
Not just to my teammates,
Coach.
That's right!
If Tsubasa wasn't okay,
he couldn't have possibly
made those shots, doctor.
Tsubasa will
get out of the pitch
when he really can't move
anymore, doctor.
But you kids have--
The thing is, our dream...
is to win
our third championship.
Isn't that right, Captain?
Yeah.
Huh?
[Tsubasa] Hello,
what're you doing here?
Hello, Tsubasa.
I'm begging you...
don't give up.
You have to play
until the end.
[chuckle]
-Here.
-Oh!
Mhm.
Thanks a lot.
Oh, no.
[sniffling]
Is something wrong, Kumi?
I think something must've
gotten in my eye.
But I'm fine.
Although you didn't get to
score in this half,
you played amazingly well.
I want you all to know that
I'm proud of you.
-Wakashimazu...
-Huh?
Will you be able to play
during the extra time?
Of course I can, Head Coach.
We have 20 minutes to score.
Concentrate!
-Yeah!
[ann] Before
the audience's euphoria,
the teams will play
two extra time halves
of ten minutes.
The white jerseys
will get ball first.
[growl]
[whistle]